# Islandora DevOps Interest Group: Meeting 06

## Date

Nov. 18, 2015 from 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST

## Agenda

1. Update on ongoing documentation efforts 
2. Round table updates

## Attendees
* Mark Jordan
* Nick Ruest
* Gavin Morris
* Alex Garnett
* Luke Taylor

## Notes

####Update on ongoing documentation efforts
* Gavin and Luke have been working together on installation docs. Sytarted on a Google Doc but have moved to the [wiki](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/wiki/Provisioning-Islandora-on-Ubuntu) so that more can collaborate. Trying to break out all the parts of provisioning ISlandora on Ubunty. A standalone bash script will come from this onece it's all done.
* Some dicussion of open office/libreoffice and the document solution pack, but that is not a Foundation module, so it's outside of our scope. We will limit deployment guides to Foundation modules
* Mark will take this document out to other members of the Dev Ops group to see if we can get more engagement and feedback. 
*  Nick would like to keep this consistent with the vagrant base box stuff (where applicable) so that we have canonical stuff for the community
*  The document will be moved to a .md file in regular github so that we can collaborate more easily (wiki does not allow for PR, comments, etc).
     *  And [here](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/blob/master/Deployment%20Guides/Provisioning-Islandora-on-Ubuntu.md) it is!
 
####Round table updates

## Next meeting

Wednesday, Dec. 9 
